###################################
April 23, 2014
###################################

The following information reflects what is new in the edX Platform as of April
23, 2014.  See previous pages in this document for a history of changes.

**************************
edX Documentation
**************************

You can access the `edX Status <http://status.edx.org/>`_ page to get an up-
to-date status for all services on edx.org and edX Edge. The page also includes
the Twitter feed for @edXstatus, which the edX Operations team uses to post
updates.

You can access the public edX `roadmap <https://edx-
wiki.atlassian.net/wiki/display/OPENPROD/Open+EdX+Public+Product+Roadmap>`_ for
details about the currently planned product direction.

The following documentation is available:

* `Building and Running an edX Course.
  <http://edx.readthedocs.org/projects/ca/en/latest/>`_ You can also download
  the guide as a PDF from the edX Studio user interface.

  Recent changes include: 

  * Updated `Testing Your Course <http://edx.readthedocs.org/projects/ca/en/latest/releasing_course/view_course_content.html#testing-your-course>`_ to include a section on how to `Switch Between Studio and Your Live Course <http://edx.readthedocs.org/projects/ca/en/latest/releasing_course/view_course_content.html#view-your-live-course>_`.

  * Updated `Transcripts in Additional Languages <http://edx.readthedocs.org/projects/ca/en/latest/creating_content/create_video.html#transcripts-in-additional-languages>`_ in `Working with Video Components <http://edx.readthedocs.org/projects/ca/en/latest/creating_content/create_video.html>`_.

  * In `Discussions <http://edx.readthedocs.org/projects/ca/en/latest/running_course/discussions.html#discussions>`_, corrected the steps to “Create” Discussion Categories”.

  * Updated the `Bulk Email <http://edx.readthedocs.org/projects/ca/en/latest/releasing_course/course_launching.html#bulk-email>`_ section with information about the dashboard option to opt out of course email.
      

* `edX Data Documentation
  <http://edx.readthedocs.org/projects/devdata/en/latest/>`_

* `edX Platform Developer Documentation
  <http://edx.readthedocs.org/projects/devdata/en/latest/>`_


*************
edX Studio
*************

* 

***************************************
edX Learning Management System
***************************************

* A problem that prevented MathJax from being displayed properly when the problem answer was shown is now resolved.(BLD-993)

===========================
Accessibility Improvements
===========================

* 
